tight in action here
in charge some quancho
keeps it going well
and that's the opposition getting back
on the ball after a promising attacking
situation
didn't work out the corner for the
attacking team
Tomas
very good piece of blocking
good bowl
clever play Oh subtle little bit of
skill into the attacking third
nicely done between the two of them
that could open them up got to me
keeps it going here's the chance to go
it's a great goal
very good save yeah we can be foolish
not to
trust about the opponents to the
and the score is one nil
punched away by the goalkeeper and he
takes the shot what a hit and the ball z
it's a
you'll be getting the t-shirts printed
for this run the defender the score a
goal like that chartered tattooed to say
the least but I know
it was a good effort northcote was a
good save he could do nothing about it
the only creature some of the keep you
would have Martin he's he didn't carry
it away out of the danger zone you've
been hurt badly yeah I just hope it's
not going to be a long term thing but
he's had a good swing at that one what a
good way to score
that's a great moment for them because
that probably has decided to go and in
choteau be in charge it will nurse she
lacks new well it is a one-sided game a
resounding leave now and he's in behind
him or it could be off it can have a
crack here first touch was good but he's
got to work hard to keep the ball they
pulled up short because he's peeling the
leg as if he's pulled a muscle
could have been a corner justice veered
away it'll be a troll
this is interesting whether the manager
is just going to switch things around a
little bit
and there's the slight challenge and
we're hearing there will be three added
minutes here
it's loose play really to squander
possession
it's a good way to Nick the ball back
quick thinking
it's a comprehensive wind by three goals
to nil as the final whistle